The sun was setting over the bustling streets of Tokyo, casting a warm 
orange glow over the crowded sidewalks. Mario, a young man with messy 
brown hair and bright green eyes, sat on a bench in the heart of the 
city, surrounded by the sounds of chatter and clinking cups. He looked up 
as a figure approached him, a woman with long, curly black hair and 
piercing green eyes.

"Hey, mario," she said, her voice like music. "What's going on here?"

Mario took a deep breath, trying to brush off the tension that had been 
building inside of him for weeks. He looked down at her, his eyes 
narrowing slightly as he tried to process what was happening.

"I'm sorry, Mario," she said, her voice barely above a whisper. "I don't 
understand why I can't just be like everyone else."

Mario nodded sympathetically, feeling a mix of emotions: sadness, anger, 
and a hint of frustration that he hadn't been letting it go for weeks. He 
looked up at her, his eyes softening as he took in her face.

"I'm sorry," she said, her voice softer still. "I don't understand why I 
can't just be like everyone else."

Mario's expression turned somber, and for a moment, he felt like he was 
walking on eggshells around her. He looked down at her, his eyes 
narrowing slightly as he took in her face again.

"What do you mean, Mario?" he asked, trying to keep his voice steady. 
"Why can't I just be like everyone else?"

Mario's gaze softened still, and for a moment, he felt like he was 
walking on eggshells around her. He looked up at her, his eyes narrowing 
slightly as he took in her face again.

"I don't understand," she said, her voice softer still. "Why can't I just 
be like everyone else?"

Mario nodded slowly, trying to keep his voice steady. He looked down at 
her face again, his eyes narrowing slightly as he took in her face again.

Finally, he reached out and touched her hand, feeling a mix of emotions 
that he hadn't been letting it go for weeks. He looked up at her face 
again, his eyes narrowing slightly as he took in her face again.

"I don't understand," she said, her voice softer still. "Why can't I just 
be like everyone else?"

Mario nodded slowly, trying to keep his voice steady. He looked down at 
her face again, his eyes narrowing slightly as he took in her face again.

Finally, he reached out and touched her hand again, feeling a mix of 
emotions that he hadn't been letting it go for weeks. He looked up at her 
face again, his eyes narrowing slightly as he took in her face again.

"I don't understand," she said, her voice softer still. "Why can't I just 
be like everyone else?"

Mario nodded slowly, trying to keep his voice steady. He looked down at 
her face again, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face again.

Finally, he reached out and touched her hand once more, feeling a mix of 
emotions that he hadn't been letting it go for weeks. He looked up at her 
face again, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face again.

"I don't understand," she said, her voice softer still. "Why can't I just 
be like everyone else?"

Mario nodded slowly, trying to keep his voice steady. He looked down at 
her face once more, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face 
again.

Finally, he reached out and touched her hand once more, feeling a mix of 
emotions that he hadn't been letting it go for weeks. He looked up at her 
face again, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face again.

"I don't understand," she said, her voice softer still. "Why can't I just 
be like everyone else?"

Mario nodded slowly, trying to keep his voice steady. He looked down at 
her face once more, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face 
again.

Finally, he reached out and touched her hand once more, feeling a mix of 
emotions that he hadn't been letting it go for weeks. He looked up at her 
face again, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face again.

"I don't understand," she said, her voice softer still. "Why can't I just 
be like everyone else?"

Mario nodded slowly, trying to keep his voice steady. He looked down at 
her face once more, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face 
again.

Finally, he reached out and touched her hand once more, feeling a mix of 
emotions that he hadn't been letting it go for weeks. He looked up at her 
face once more, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face again.

"I don't understand," she said, her voice softer still. "Why can't I just 
be like everyone else?"

Mario nodded slowly, trying to keep his voice steady. He looked down at 
her face once more, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face 
again.

Finally, he reached out and touched her hand once more, feeling a mix of 
emotions that he hadn't been letting it go for weeks. He looked up at her 
face once more, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face again.

"I don't understand," she said, her voice softer still. "Why can't I just 
be like everyone else?"

Mario nodded slowly, trying to keep his voice steady. He looked down at 
her face once more, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face 
again.

Finally, he reached out and touched her hand once more, feeling a mix of 
emotions that he hadn't been letting it go for weeks. He looked up at her 
face once more, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face again.

"I don't understand," she said, her voice softer still. "Why can't I just 
be like everyone else?"

Mario nodded slowly, trying to keep his voice steady. He looked up at her 
face once more, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face again.

Finally, he reached out and touched her hand once more, feeling a mix of 
emotions that he hadn't been letting it goes for weeks. He looked up at 
her face again, his eyes narrowing slightly as he take in her face again.

"I don't understand," he said, his eyes softening as he looked up at her 
face again. "I don't understand why I can't just be like everyone else."

Maro's eyes softened still. He loved to share his own with you!

Healing the human heart and soul
Aheiku
